Without a doubt, the ability to research effectively is the most important quality for a hacker to have. By its very nature, hacking requires a vast knowledge base — because how are you supposed to break into something if you don't know how it works? The thing is: no one knows everything. Everyone (professional or amateur, experienced or totally new to the subject) will encounter problems which they don't automatically know how to solve. This is where research comes in, as, in the real world, you can't ever expect to simply be handed the answers to your questions.

As your experience level increases, you will find that the things you're researching scale in their difficulty accordingly; however, in the field of information security, there will never come a point where you don't need to look things up.

This room will serve as a brief overview of some of the most important resources available to you, and will hopefully aid you in the process of building a research methodology that works for you.

We will be looking at the following topics:
• An example of a research question
• Vulnerability Searching tools
• Linux Manual Pages

Task-1

Read the Introduction
> No answer needed

Task-2

In the Burp Suite Program that ships with Kali Linux, what mode would you use to manually send a request (often repeating a captured request numerous times)?
> Repeater
What hash format are modern Windows login passwords stored in?
> NTLM
What are automated tasks called in Linux?
> Cron Jobs
What number base could you use as a shorthand for base 2 (binary)?
> base 16
If a password hash starts with $6$, what format is it (Unix variant)?
> sha512crypt

Task-3

What is the CVE for the 2020 Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability found in WPForms?
> CVE-2020-10385
There was a Local Privilege Escalation vulnerability found in the Debian version of Apache Tomcat, back in 2016. What's the CVE for this vulnerability?
> CVE-2016-1240
What is the very first CVE found in the VLC media player?
> CVE-2007-0017
If you wanted to exploit a 2020 buffer overflow in the sudo program, which CVE would you use?
> CVE-2019-18634

Task-4

SCP is a tool used to copy files from one computer to another.
What switch would you use to copy an entire directory?
> -r
fdisk is a command used to view and alter the partitioning scheme used on your hard drive.
What switch would you use to list the current partitions?
> -l
nano is an easy-to-use text editor for Linux. There are arguably better editors (Vim, being the obvious choice); however, nano is a great one to start with.
What switch would you use to make a backup when opening a file with nano?
> -B
Netcat is a basic tool used to manually send and receive network requests. 
What command would you use to start netcat in listen mode, using port 12345?
> nc -l -p 12345

Task-5

Research Complete!
> No answer needed
